me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/scan/filter/MyIncludeComponent.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.scan.filter.MyIncludeComponent
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/singleton/SingletonService.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.singleton.SingletonService
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/discount/RateDiscountPolicyTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.discount.RateDiscountPolicyTest
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/beanFind/ApplicationContextSameFindTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.beanFind.ApplicationContextSameFindTest
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.beanFind.ApplicationContextSameFindTest$SameBeanConfig
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/scan/filter/BeanB.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.scan.filter.BeanB
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/autowired/AutowiredTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.autowired.AutowiredTest
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.autowired.AutowiredTest$TestBean
me/iiaii/springrevision/preview/repository/MemoryMemberRepositoryTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.preview.repository.MemoryMemberRepositoryTest
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/scan/filter/BeanA.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.scan.filter.BeanA
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/beanFind/ApplicationContextExtendsFindTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.beanFind.ApplicationContextExtendsFindTest
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.beanFind.ApplicationContextExtendsFindTest$TestConfig
me/iiaii/springrevision/preview/service/MemberServiceTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.preview.service.MemberServiceTest
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/order/OrderServiceTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.order.OrderServiceTest
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/scan/filter/MyExcludeComponent.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.scan.filter.MyExcludeComponent
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/xml/XmlAppTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.xml.XmlAppTest
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/singleton/StatefulService.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.singleton.StatefulService
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/scan/filter/ComponentFilterAppConfigTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.scan.filter.ComponentFilterAppConfigTest
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.scan.filter.ComponentFilterAppConfigTest$ComponentFilterAppConfig
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/scan/AutoAppConfigTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.scan.AutoAppConfigTest
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/singleton/ConfigurationSingletonTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.singleton.ConfigurationSingletonTest
me/iiaii/springrevision/SpringRevisionApplicationTests.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.SpringRevisionApplicationTests
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/beanFind/ApplicationContextBasicFindTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.beanFind.ApplicationContextBasicFindTest
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/singleton/SingletoneTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.singleton.SingletoneTest
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/singleton/StatefulServiceTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.singleton.StatefulServiceTest
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.singleton.StatefulServiceTest$TestConfig
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/beanFind/ApplicationContextInfoTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.beanFind.ApplicationContextInfoTest
me/iiaii/springrevision/practice/member/MemberServiceTest.java
 me.iiaii.springrevision.practice.member.MemberServiceTest
